>> Kyle Simpson: Okay.
So hopefully you're feeling a lot
more confident now about some
of the nuances and quirks, but
remember with destructuring,
watching me do some destructurings and
even having typed it out a couple
of times, it's not nearly enough.
You're gonna have to practice with this.
So I wanna show you a couple of
examples of using it in a higher level
sense that should help you get
more familiar with destructuring.
There is a pattern called named arguments.
It's an idiom essentially and
this is a actually a real
thing in certain languages.
In JavaScript we don't have
a thing called named arguments but
by using that object destructuring syntax,
we accomplish essentially the same thing.
So if I had a lookup record function that
used positional arguments like store and
id, it means that when I call
lookupRecord I have to remember what
order those arguments are in.
And that can be annoying.
Having named arguments at a call site
means I can tell it this argument goes to
this parameter and
this argument goes to this parameter.
Since we don't support that,
like for example, Scala and
Objective C, they support named arguments.
We don't support that, but we do have the
option, like you see here on line five,
of declaring a function with
an object parameter, of properties.
And then the call site,
line 12, when we use an object,
we are effectively saying down here,
the value 42 goes to the parameter ID.
So that's an effect and
a naming of the argument at the call site.
This is becoming extremely
common idiom within JavaScript.
I strongly recommend you start thinking
about this when you design your functions,
the new ones that you write.
My rule of thumb is any function that I
write from here on, if it has three or
more inputs, I always use this
object destructuring now.
Because it's an almost guarantee that I'm
going to sometime later forget what order
they go in or want to skip one of them or
something like that.
And it's always gonna be better
to have this named argument call
site syntax as an option.
If it's only one or two parameters it's
kind of a judgement call as to whether or
not it's worth it to have the overhead of
needing to put an object there or not.
The good news about named arguments
is that you don't have to worry about
position and remembering the order.
The downside is you have
to remember the name.
You have to know what
the function calls the parameter.
Because if they call it CB and
you call it FN, it's not gonna match up.
So my suggestion to you to deal with
that particular downside of not knowing
the naming, is if you start using this
idiom, come up with a set of conventions
for the names of the common kinds
of things you pass into functions.
For example, if you pass in callbacks,
always call it CB.
And then in the back of your head, every
time you're going to make a call site and
pass in a callback,
you know it's called CB.
And if you're going to pass in an array,
always call it ARR.
And if you're going to pass
in a single primitive value,
always call it V and so on.
And if you come up with that
set of standard conventions for
yourself and document it for
your team, 99% of the problems that
you would have about remembering
those things will easily go away.
And then you only have a few random
corner cases that you have to remember or
document.
So named arguments is actually one
of my favorite usages of object
destructuring and has become
an extremely common and popular idiom